[Step Function] 9. Update README (#166)
DataDog/datadog-cloudformation-macro: serverless/README.md

To further configure your plugin, use the following custom parameters:

> ###

Reviewer: Missing header

| Parameter                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| --------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `addLayers`                 | Whether to add the Lambda Layers or expect the user to bring their own. Defaults to true. When true, the Lambda Library version variables are also required. When false, you must include the Datadog Lambda library in your functions' deployment packages.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `addLayers`                 | Whether to add the Lambda Layers or expect the user to bring their own. Defaults to `true`. When `true`, the Lambda Library version variables are also required. When `false`, you must include the Datadog Lambda library in your functions' deployment packages.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

> | `pythonLayerVersion`        | Version of the Python Lambda layer to install, such as "21". Required if you are deploying at least one Lambda function written in Python and `addLayers` is true. Find the latest version number from [https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-python/releases][5].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pythonLayerVersion`        | Version of the Python Lambda layer to install, such as "21". Required if you are deploying at least one Lambda function written in Python and `addLayers` is `true`. Find the latest version number from [https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-python/releases][5].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

> | `nodeLayerVersion`          | Version of the Node.js Lambda layer to install, such as "29". Required if you are deploying at least one Lambda function written in Node.js and `addLayers` is true. Find the latest version number from [https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-js/releases][6].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
> | `dotnetLayerVersion`        | Version of the .NET Lambda layer to install, such as "14". Required if you are deploying at least one Lambda function written in .NET and `addLayers` is true. Find the latest version number from [https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-dotnet-aws-lambda-layer/releases][9].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
> | `javaLayerVersion`          | Version of the Java Lambda layer to install, such as "12". Required if you are deploying at least one Lambda function written in Java and `addLayers` is true. Find the latest version number from [https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-java/releases][10].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `nodeLayerVersion`          | Version of the Node.js Lambda layer to install, such as "29". Required if you are deploying at least one Lambda function written in Node.js and `addLayers` is `true`. Find the latest version number from [https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-js/releases][6].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| `dotnetLayerVersion`        | Version of the .NET Lambda layer to install, such as "14". Required if you are deploying at least one Lambda function written in .NET and `addLayers` is `true`. Find the latest version number from [https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-dotnet-aws-lambda-layer/releases][9].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `javaLayerVersion`          | Version of the Java Lambda layer to install, such as "12". Required if you are deploying at least one Lambda function written in Java and `addLayers` is `true`. Find the latest version number from [https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-java/releases][10].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

| `extensionLayerVersion`     | Version of the Datadog Lambda Extension layer to install, such as "5". When `extensionLayerVersion` is set, `apiKey` (or if encrypted, `apiKMSKey` or `apiKeySecretArn`) needs to be set as well.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `addExtension`              | Whether to add the Lambda extension layer to the Lambda function. Defaults to false. When true, the extension layer is applied which handles sending logs, traces and custom metrics. The parameter `extensionLayerVersion` must be set. While using `extensionLayerVersion` do not set `forwarderArn`. To learn more, read the [Datadog Lambda Extension][8] documentation.                                                                                                                                                                                   |

> | `exclude`                   | When set, the macro will ignore specified lambda functions. Use this if there are any functions that do not require datadog instrumentation. Defaults to [].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `exclude`                   | When set, the macro ignores specified lambda functions. Use this if there are any functions that do not require Datadog instrumentation. Defaults to [].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

> | `addExtension`              | Whether to add the Lambda extension layer to the Lambda function. Defaults to false. When true, the extension layer is applied which handles sending logs, traces and custom metrics. The parameter `extensionLayerVersion` must be set. While using `extensionLayerVersion` do not set `forwarderArn`. To learn more, read the [Datadog Lambda Extension][8] documentation.                                                                                                                                                                                   |
> | `exclude`                   | When set, the macro will ignore specified lambda functions. Use this if there are any functions that do not require datadog instrumentation. Defaults to [].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `addExtension`              | Whether to add the Lambda extension layer to the Lambda function. Defaults to `false`. When `true`, the extension layer is applied which handles sending logs, traces and custom metrics. The parameter `extensionLayerVersion` must be set. While using `extensionLayerVersion` do not set `forwarderArn`. To learn more, read the [Datadog Lambda Extension][8] documentation.                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `exclude`                   | When set, the macro ignores specified lambda functions. Use this if there are any functions that do not require Datadog instrumentation. Defaults to `[]`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

> | `forwarderArn`              | When set, the plugin will automatically subscribe the Lambda functions' log groups to the Datadog Forwarder. Alternatively, you can define the log subscription using the [AWS::Logs::SubscriptionFilter][7] resource. **Note**: The 'FunctionName' property must be defined for functions that are deployed for the first time because the macro needs the function name to create the log groups and subscription filters. 'FunctionName' must NOT contain any CloudFormation functions, such as `!Sub`. For Step Functions, set `stepFunctionForwarderArn`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `forwarderArn`              | When set, the plugin automatically subscribes the Lambda functions' log groups to the Datadog Forwarder. Alternatively, you can define the log subscription using the [AWS::Logs::SubscriptionFilter][7] resource. **Note**: The 'FunctionName' property must be defined for functions that are deployed for the first time because the macro needs the function name to create the log groups and subscription filters. 'FunctionName' must NOT contain any CloudFormation functions, such as `!Sub`. For Step Functions, set `stepFunctionForwarderArn`. |
```

> | `stackName`                 | The name of the CloudFormation stack being deployed. Only required when a `forwarderArn` is provided and Lambda functions are dynamically named (when the `FunctionName` property isn't provided for a Lambda). For more information on how to add this parameter for SAM and CDK, see the examples below.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `stackName`                 | The name of the CloudFormation stack being deployed. Only required when a `forwarderArn` is provided and Lambda functions are dynamically named (when the `FunctionName` property isn't provided for a Lambda). For more information on how to add this parameter for SAM and CDK, see the following examples.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

> | `flushMetricsToLogs`        | Send custom metrics via logs with the Datadog Forwarder Lambda function (recommended). Defaults to `true`. When set to `false`, the Datadog API key must be defined using `apiKey` (or if encrypted, `apiKMSKey` or `apiKeySecretArn`).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `flushMetricsToLogs`        | Send custom metrics through logs with the Datadog Forwarder Lambda function (recommended). Defaults to `true`. When set to `false`, the Datadog API key must be defined using `apiKey` (or if encrypted, `apiKMSKey` or `apiKeySecretArn`).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
```

> | `site`                      | Set which Datadog site to send data, only needed when flushMetricsToLogs is `false`. Possible values are `datadoghq.com`, `datadoghq.eu`, `us3.datadoghq.com`, `us5.datadoghq.com`, `ap1.datadoghq.com`, and `ddog-gov.com`. The default is `datadoghq.com`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `site`                      | Set which Datadog site to send data, only needed when `flushMetricsToLogs` is `false`. Possible values are `datadoghq.com`, `datadoghq.eu`, `us3.datadoghq.com`, `us5.datadoghq.com`, `ap1.datadoghq.com`, and `ddog-gov.com`. The default is `datadoghq.com`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

| `apiKey`                    | The Datadog API Key, only needed when `flushMetricsToLogs` is set to `false`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `apiKeySecretArn`           | The ARN of the secret storing the Datadog API key in AWS Secrets Manager. Use this parameter in place of `apiKey` when `flushMetricsToLogs` is `false` or `extensionLayerVersion` is set. Remember to add the `secretsmanager:GetSecretValue` permission to the Lambda execution role.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | `apiKMSKey`                 | Datadog API Key encrypted using KMS. Use this parameter in place of `apiKey` when `flushMetricsToLogs` is false, and you are using KMS encryption.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `apiKMSKey`                 | Datadog API Key encrypted using KMS. Use this parameter in place of `apiKey` when `flushMetricsToLogs` is `false`, and you are using KMS encryption.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
```

| `enableEnhancedMetrics`     | Enable enhanced metrics for Lambda functions. Defaults to `true`. The Datadog Forwarder Lambda function must subscribe the function log group.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | `enableXrayTracing`         | Enable tracing on Lambda functions. Defaults to false.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enableXrayTracing`         | Enable tracing on Lambda functions. Defaults to `false`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

| `enableDDTracing`           | Enable tracing on Lambda function using dd-trace, Datadog's APM library. Defaults to `true`. The Datadog Forwarder Lambda function must subscribe the function log group.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | `enableDDLogs`              | Enable Datadog log collection for the Lambda function. Note: This setting has no effect on logs sent via the Datadog Forwarder. Defaults to true.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enableDDLogs`              | Enable Datadog log collection for the Lambda function. This setting has no effect on logs sent through the Datadog Forwarder. Defaults to `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

> | `service`                   | When set along with the `extensionLayerVersion`, the macro adds a `DD_SERVICE` environment variable to all lambda functions with the provided value. When set along with the `forwarderArn`, the macro adds a `service` tag to all Lambda functions with the provided value. The macro also adds a `service` tag to all State Machines with the provided value.                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `service`                   | When set along with the `extensionLayerVersion`, the macro adds a `DD_SERVICE` environment variable to all Lambda functions with the provided value. When set along with the `forwarderArn`, the macro adds a `service` tag to all Lambda functions with the provided value. The macro also adds a `service` tag to all State Machines with the provided value.                                                                                                                                                                                                |
```

> | `env`                       | When set along with the `extensionLayerVersion`, the macro adds a `DD_ENV` environment variable to all lambda functions with the provided value. When set along with the `forwarderArn`, the macro adds an `env` tag to all Lambda functions with the provided value. The macro also adds an `env` tag to all State Machines with the provided value.                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
> | `version`                   | When set along with the `extensionLayerVersion`, the macro adds a `DD_VERSION` environment variable to all lambda functions with the provided value. When set along with the `forwarderArn`, the macro adds a `version` tag to all Lambda functions with the provided value. The macro also adds a `version` tag to all State Machines with the provided value.                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `env`                       | When set along with the `extensionLayerVersion`, the macro adds a `DD_ENV` environment variable to all Lambda functions with the provided value. When set along with the `forwarderArn`, the macro adds an `env` tag to all Lambda functions with the provided value. The macro also adds an `env` tag to all State Machines with the provided value.                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| `version`                   | When set along with the `extensionLayerVersion`, the macro adds a `DD_VERSION` environment variable to all Lambda functions with the provided value. When set along with the `forwarderArn`, the macro adds a `version` tag to all Lambda functions with the provided value. The macro also adds a `version` tag to all State Machines with the provided value.                                                                                                                                                                                                |
```

| `logLevel`                  | Sets the log level. Set to `DEBUG` for extended logging.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `captureLambdaPayload`      | Automatically tags the function execution span with request and response payloads, so they can be displayed in the APM application.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

> | `enableColdStartTracing`    | Set to `false` to disable Cold Start Tracing. Used in NodeJS and Python. Defaults to `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enableColdStartTracing`    | Set to `false` to disable Cold Start Tracing. Used in Node.js and Python. Defaults to `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

> | `coldStartTraceMinDuration` | Sets the minimum duration (in milliseconds) for a module load event to be traced via Cold Start Tracing. Number. Defaults to `3`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: Is `Number` significant?

```suggestion
| `coldStartTraceMinDuration` | Sets the minimum duration (in milliseconds) for a module load event to be traced through Cold Start Tracing. Defaults to `3`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

> | `coldStartTraceSkipLibs`    | optionally skip creating Cold Start Spans for a comma-separated list of libraries. Useful to limit depth or skip known libraries. Default depends on runtime.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `coldStartTraceSkipLibs`    | Optionally skip creating Cold Start Spans for a comma-separated list of libraries. Useful to limit depth or skip known libraries. Default depends on runtime.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | `enableProfiling`           | Enable the Datadog Continuous Profiler with `true`. Supported in Beta for NodeJS and Python. Defaults to `false`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enableProfiling`           | Enable the Datadog Continuous Profiler with `true`. Supported in Beta for Node.js and Python. Defaults to `false`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

> | `encodeAuthorizerContext`   | When set to `true` for Lambda authorizers, the tracing context will be encoded into the response for propagation. Supported for NodeJS and Python. Defaults to `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
> | `decodeAuthorizerContext`   | When set to `true` for Lambdas that are authorized via Lambda authorizers, it will parse and use the encoded tracing context (if found). Supported for NodeJS and Python. Defaults to `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
> | `apmFlushDeadline`          | Used to determine when to submit spans before a timeout occurs, in milliseconds. When the remaining time in an AWS Lambda invocation is less than the value set, the tracer attempts to submit the current active spans and all finished spans. Supported for NodeJS and Python. Defaults to `100` milliseconds.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
> | `stepFunctionForwarderArn`  | When set, the forwarder will subscribe to all the State Machine' log groups. It is required for instrumenting Step Functions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `encodeAuthorizerContext`   | When set to `true` for Lambda authorizers, the tracing context is encoded into the response for propagation. Supported for Node.js and Python. Defaults to `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| `decodeAuthorizerContext`   | When set to `true` for Lambdas that are authorized through Lambda authorizers, it parses and use the encoded tracing context (if found). Supported for Node.js and Python. Defaults to `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `apmFlushDeadline`          | Used to determine when to submit spans before a timeout occurs, in milliseconds. When the remaining time in an AWS Lambda invocation is less than the value set, the tracer attempts to submit the current active spans and all finished spans. Supported for Node.js and Python. Defaults to `100` milliseconds.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `stepFunctionForwarderArn`  | When set, the forwarder subscribes to all the State Machine' log groups. It is required for instrumenting Step Functions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```
